Update docs (#73)
layerai/dbt-layer: README.md

| --------- |---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `MODEL_TYPE`    | Type of the model your want to train. There are two options: <br/> - `classifier`: A model to predict classes/labels or categories such as spam detection<br/>- `regressor`: A model to predict continious outcomes such as CLV prediction. |
| `FEATURES`    | Input column names as a list to train your AutoML model.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `TARGET`    | Target column that you want to predict.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

_Requirements:_

> - You need to put `layer_api_key` to your dbt profile to make AutoML work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For AutoML to work, you need to add  the configuration `layer_api_key` with the API key of your Layer account into your dbt profile .
```

_Example:_

> Check out [Order Review AutoML Project](https://github.com/layerai/dbt-layer/tree/mecevit/update-docs/examples/order_review_prediction):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [Order Review AutoML Project](https://github.com/layerai/dbt-layer/tree/main/examples/order_review_prediction):
```
